doc: add vscode section (#1850)
quisquous/cactbot: CONTRIBUTING.md

`<username>.github.io/cactbot/ui/<module>/<module>.html`
as its source.

#### VSCode extension for cactbot

If you are using VSCode, there is an extension [cactbot-highlight](https://github.com/MaikoTan/cactbot-highlight) created by Maiko Tan,
providing timeline highlighting and some useful snippets.

> This extension is still developing, if you have some suggestions or bug reports,

Reviewer: Very minor nit:
```suggestion
This extension is still in development, if you have any suggestions or bug reports,
```

Author: Thank you!
